Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's check on audio and sound and make sure it's all in sync things things
Cynthia We: Maybe can you see me. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all lined up good wonderful Starbucks. You and your Starbucks.
Cynthia We: I just got it. It literally to be a half hour to get it.
You're
Cynthia We: Back in I had steak. Do you need anything out of the out of the out of the
Cynthia We: Bedroom it's Catholic. Yes, I do.
Cynthia We: So I'm a little late. I had to let him get his stuff and get his tooth brush his teeth and get his glows.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at you. Getting all prepared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Cynthia We: I'm hoping it prevent somebody from coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is so fun. Who wouldn't want to do therapy. It's so fun.
Cynthia We: Oh, right.
Cynthia We: It's been a long time since I've seen me him days just dragging
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, well, that is not the case for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: NO, NO. IF YOU SAID IT'S MARCH 1 I'd say
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not getting like, it feels like Monday right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cuz I
Gwenevere Abriel: I get well. Do you like the days dragging
Cynthia We: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really why right. Why do sorry for me. I kind of like it. It's like, well, it's the weekend.
Cynthia We: It's mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's the weekend. To me, it's the Monday and then it's the weekend I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know what happened in the middle.
Cynthia We: Funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got a little, little settling in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a note open just want to check and see if we are due for a review doesn't look like until May. So we are free to roam around. We can talk about whatever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Cynthia We: Can you hear them.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's up out there.
Cynthia We: I'm just gonna ask some some quiet.
Cynthia We: I decorated the sidewalk last night out front.
Cynthia We: Yeah, was polka dots and stripes and hopscotch.
Cynthia We: No. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, a little girl.
Cynthia We: Oh, are you going to show daddy the sidewalk. Yeah, okay.
Cynthia We: Okay. Bye bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: See you guys played yesterday. Huh.
Cynthia We: Yeah, we played and
Cynthia We: We've been coloring we found this awesome I that he's you know Montreux Detroit. Detroit jazz festivals, because I saw posters, because I
Cynthia We: Worked for them right out of college for the Detroit Jazz Festival right out of college site at these great posters.
Cynthia We: And I'm just finally hung them up, they've been in my closet for years.
Cynthia We: And I was looking through the posters, because we have two, and the third one doesn't really go it's like it. It looks like from some on some else um
Cynthia We: So I didn't hang third one up, but I was keeping my eye out for a third one. And there are two artists that I would, I would love to have there's 30 they're like six bucks and I'm
Cynthia We: Because Detroit much bunch of the trick. Jazz Festival, they use the same artist as the Montreux Jazz Festival, which is always a famous artists and like one of ours is Keith Haring and what is on
Cynthia We: This woman that's famous for like large busted in like full figured women without heads and
Cynthia We: Um, so I found this other one that I really liked and I printed out a coloring book, I found a coloring book that he has online I make people happy.
Cynthia We: So I printed a coloring book and Lola and I have been coloring it or sending the pictures to
Cynthia We: Lola's dance teachers mom who's alone and has been alone for weeks.
Cynthia We: In I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone crawling on the floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she want to just say,
Cynthia We: Your sweater, grab it. It's right there, a little slow
Cynthia We: So you have to say hi to go in
Cynthia We: Your hand and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard you did some cool a sidewalk art.
Cynthia We: Yeah, we did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, awesome, you're going to show you that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Sweet.
Cynthia We: So the door please. Thank you.
Cynthia We: Um, so, anyway. We've been sending these pictures to miss Karen's mom is Karen's the ballet teacher her arm is in Chicago, the Chicago area and in an old folks home and has been isolated for weeks.
Cynthia We: And board and she said that she's still worried about it because all the things that makes her happy is male. She's like I said, there's three three Easter cards, you know, so we are just sending our pictures that we draw a
Gwenevere Abriel: Lot.
Cynthia We: Yeah, she'll be
Cynthia We: Be um I don't think she's received anything yet, because we started sending them last week. I don't know how long it takes to get you to get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Take some time Sunday to just tune in. We've been sort of hurry with this high tempo sort of rhythm of a settling into people in the room and your space their space, you know, creating this time for you and
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of some chat about artwork and people how they're experiencing this this phenomenon of even more isolation and
Gwenevere Abriel: Just take take some time and look inside.
Gwenevere Abriel: And my eyes are closed, and yes, we'll hear sounds from the outside, but that's because your home.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just turn inward. Again, just see
Gwenevere Abriel: See what you want out of today what you'd like to leave with
Gwenevere Abriel: Because ultimately, this is your time and you don't. I imagine what a wasted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just identify what you want.
Cynthia We: I want to not feel angry at my family right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, I'm seeing that to
Gwenevere Abriel: To not feel okay what do you want to feel towards them.
Cynthia We: I want to feel um
Cynthia We: Hello.
Cynthia We: Much better.
Cynthia We: To hear them. I just want to feel like love, you know, and
Cynthia We: One of the things they don't they don't understand that it's impossible to hear when they're standing outside the door talking
Cynthia We: I don't want to feel anger I I'm tired of feeling frustrated and angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: I feel really disrespected
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you imagine what your life would be if they somehow had been traveling to Colorado and they were stuck.
Cynthia We: Date. Oh, no.
Cynthia We: No, it can't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, try it for a moment and just imagine that there was no one to be irritated with right now that you were stuck in this home all alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just me this therapist in Florida.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it would be so lonely.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did those two get married, how, how can you
Gwenevere Abriel: feel respected and grateful at the same time.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: If they just went to a different room.
Cynthia We: Easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you know what surprised me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You identify at least I believe you have as someone who has that sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been given this label ADHD and I take a stimulant. Is that right,
Gwenevere Abriel: To address it. It surprises me that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're bothered by this this other sound, but then I think we'll wait. It's not a consistent sound. It's not this sort of trance music that's a predictable sound it catches your interest. And so then your attention goes toward that. So that was happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And so then you, you feel maybe you're supposed to be attending here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what if you knew there wasn't a wrong way to do therapy that may be attending out there might be useful in here. What if there was no wrong way.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if if your attention drifted off and you started to hear them. And you told me I can hear Lola is talking about the deal with Teagan a wonder, would that reduce the irritability or what would happen if if that were to happen in session.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Cynthia We: I guess I don't know I don't know I just I just asked for an hour all week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's the problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy. That's the problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not asking for what you need a long way. It's too much pressure right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a setup.
Gwenevere Abriel: All I ask
Gwenevere Abriel: And even then no one
Gwenevere Abriel: What is going on during the week over there, Cindy. Why are you not we've played with little ideas of going for a walk. Reading
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what's actually happening.
Cynthia We: What's actually happening right now is that the the
Cynthia We: The writing the freelance writing
Cynthia We: Course, it's like a course but she's got like 350 different things on our website. So it's like 200 bucks. And I've wanted to take it for years.
Cynthia We: And the few little things that I have done in her class.
Cynthia We: I felt so confident. After doing them that I know that this is like a jumping off point for me. I know that if I take this class I will be making money writing
Cynthia We: I know it because I have, I have a history and I have experience. So it's just a matter of having confidence to put myself out there and she teaches you all of that she and her team. I'm so, so it's free right now for a week.
Cynthia We: Is she's opened it up and it's free, and I have not been able to sit down one time this week.
Cynthia We: And, um,
Cynthia We: And work on it.
Cynthia We: And I don't know if that is because what's really going on because I really do have to help Lola with her work, or I really do have to give them my computer for two hours so they can go to young playwrights or if it's me making excuses because I'm afraid.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Cynthia We: So five days it's five days of free of free content and I wasted three of them.
Cynthia We: And I'm pissed at myself.
Cynthia We: And be touched.
Cynthia We: I still have a chance
Cynthia We: To start over.
Cynthia We: Today is a new day.
Cindy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do you really want to get in your life right now. You want to do it differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I do not a metaphor, you really, you mean it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, okay, you can go do it. Now go talk to your family go speak with your daughter and your husband and Tegan and tell them
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if some of my irritability with you in your own send your way. Wonder if some of my irritability with you guys. I might be taking out frickin pistons, not the frickin I'm pissed at myself because I'm procrastinating. I'm scared if I finish this course.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to have to face writing. And what if they don't like my writing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ready, deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go love your family go love them and tell them the truth will walk out there taking your buds on on our way here, you got this girl, you got this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotion, you have right now.
Cynthia We: I don't know Scott was like halfway out the front or when I was talking
Gwenevere Abriel: To me.
Cynthia We: Didn't have time to listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, didn't have time to listen and so you felt what
Disrespect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Disrespect it
Cynthia We: Like didn't care what I had to say.
Cynthia We: Was seeking felt to get
Cynthia We: You got defensive when I went out there. He's trying to fix my phone.
Cynthia We: And I just want to apologize.
Cynthia We: I think he was surprised when
Cynthia We: I said, I just wanted to let you know that some of my frustration that I think I have with with this morning and yesterday is because
Cynthia We: I have been procrastinating. The Carrollton workshop, because I know that if I do it that I'm going to have to write and put myself out there and I'm a little nervous about it and word people won't like my writing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it
Cynthia We: Was just like
Cynthia We: I don't think he had a clue. It was
Gwenevere Abriel: Waiting, waiting, waiting to do the face again. Oh.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but it
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't it wasn't
Cynthia We: It wasn't negative at all. It was just, just like completely surprised and and like taken yeah he, I don't think it's ever heard me apologize like that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about Lola.
Cynthia We: No, I don't know where she is. She's
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside or something. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Parker. Okay. Okay. So what now. What was this like for you. We can take each one to see some was already in the midst. This was very impromptu. And so, but still if you had an experience of it. What was this like
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: It felt a little awkward felt very awkward.
Actually, okay.
Cynthia We: Very different from what I would normally do.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of that awkwardness. What do you think of it being very different
Cynthia We: I like the way of
Cynthia We: Understanding that I've got shit going on inside and and
Cynthia We: And talking about that.
Cynthia We: Because I don't think people usually get to see that I have these feeling like there are reasons for my reactions that and they have to do with me, not them.
Cynthia We: And I don't think people usually get to see that.
Cynthia We: So I like that. But then I also don't like talking like that like it's just really uncomfortable. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we call that like that. What is that, what do we call
Cynthia We: Oh, um,
Cynthia We: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come up with something. Take your time. Let me give it a labor label.
Cynthia We: Like diminutive small and small. I feel like yeah mousy or something.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah look at that word.
Cynthia We: I'm not sure I'm
Cynthia We: Like using it right
Gwenevere Abriel: See definition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of a diminutive tiny
Gwenevere Abriel: All
Cynthia We: Extremely are unusually small
Gwenevere Abriel: Minute minute or mini yeah didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Admit diminutive
Gwenevere Abriel: You got a girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, we have a tool writer to know all those fancy word
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting. So, oh wow you feel small.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I'm not
Cynthia We: gonna lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you were with your feelings. Do you think that might be why
Cynthia We: Yeah, with my feelings with people who were interested in hearing them because they were in the middle of
Cynthia We: Trying to fix the telephone.
Cynthia We: Yeah, that's totally it because I could talk about my feelings. You know, when feelings are the expected topic of conversation.
Cynthia We: Or with Lola, she's much I'm
Cynthia We: Taking you know he gets very awkward when you start talking about things. Certain things like
Gwenevere Abriel: Your goal today is to not have the anger towards your family. Have you noticed that you feel less anger towards them now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, very less. Even though. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Even though the talking right outside the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: Team got a surprise reaction Scott was halfway out so he already had a plan in motion. You're the one changing up
Gwenevere Abriel: You came from nowhere, out of a session. You already said you were going to be busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this was a surprise for him but you felt disrespected
Gwenevere Abriel: Do we do with that certainly come at this from a lot of different directions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that somehow people like Scott because you're sacrificing so much throughout the day that he owes you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what's going on.
Cynthia We: I don't know.
Cynthia We: I feel like
Cynthia We: With the kids when they're on zoom. I am very careful to not everything they do it out in the living room. I'm very careful to not
Cynthia We: Pop up in their screen, you know, like wash my hands are washing my hands in the kitchen sink and then realize, oh, oh. And then I'll go to the other room.
Cynthia We: When they gave me a look and I'm Scott. He doesn't do zoom. Usually, but he when he's on the phone like I'll leave him and I won't bother him, so I just I just want the same
Cynthia We: The same treatment. It's a thoughtful this and I'm not sure. It's about knowing
Cynthia We: Okay, as it is about
Cynthia We: Just common courtesy.
Cynthia We: Is that that's the right word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me.
Cynthia We: Sounds a little bit you that's not what I mean at all. I just mean like that we treat each other the same
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, if that was a five year old would you expect common courtesy.
Gwenevere Abriel: No seven, seven year old.
Cynthia We: On know probably a like nine or 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Nine or 10 so you can acknowledge that is a developmental thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's something learned
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Other teenagers that still don't get common courtesy.
Cynthia We: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we gotta teach them right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Are you teaching them.
Cynthia We: I am I am I like yes, every time I see an article about 10 things your 10 year old must know how to do I make sure they know all those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing it and shaping of behavior difference. What do you do, let's say yesterday, day before to shape.
Gwenevere Abriel: Etiquette, what did you do to shape the behavior of your children. Let's just take a peek.
Um,
Cynthia We: Well, I think that part of that, like, recognizing that they're on zoom or they're in a class and being careful to not interrupt is modeling that for them.
Cynthia We: Isn't that I mean 14 anyway. Like, I don't know about for Lola.
Cynthia We: She's a little young to just get catch that, but
Gwenevere Abriel: She has taken supposed to know whether you were busy versus deliberately didn't open the door and intrude on his face.
Cynthia We: Oh, well, he knows that I'm washing my hands and then see. Oh, he's a zoom and
Cynthia We: And see his eyebrows and I turn it off and I go to the other bathroom.
Cynthia We: wash my hands so
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, one's a good one. That's actually a good one.
Cynthia We: Well, I
Cynthia We: Like yeah, or that I start to come outside
Cynthia We: And then realize that he's zooming and I shut the door and I go out the front door instead
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you seen more Teague and has done the same for you. Really search. See if you can see some
Cynthia We: Yeah, he doesn't bother me at all. And I'm in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: But, um, but he does not all see doesn't recognize how loud voices when he is sitting right there.
Cynthia We: So I might share that with them nicely.
Cynthia We: We just went through this like two weeks ago about this feeling
Cynthia We: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I topic. Because Scott kept coming in.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Here it is again.
Cynthia We: Our friend did
Cynthia We: That art died.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Cynthia We: He's our friend from high school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know you guys travel together. I think for a
Cynthia We: Period. We went to New York, we moved to New York together.
Cynthia We: Um, so he's been talking to his friends all week and
Cynthia We: I feel terrible like
Cynthia We: And helpless.
Cynthia We: Like, I can't do anything to help his, his wife's all alone. I don't even really know her that well but
Cynthia We: I just idea of losing my husband at 50 and watching him die and not being able to save them is overwhelming to me and I can't imagine what she's going through
Cynthia We: His brother.
Cynthia We: Is really upset and um
Cynthia We: You know worked in an airport at a bar bar. So, so he was at. And I guess he has anxiety. I've known that forever, but
Cynthia We: Really, really bad anxiety, like he was really freaked out about going into work and afraid he was going to get sick. And so I'm Joe his brother just said that he had been on the couch for like a month and I'm
Cynthia We: Like not really able to function.
Cynthia We: And was having some pain and numbness and his legs, which I guess he had like 10 years ago.
Cynthia We: And Angela finally got him up, got in the shower to go to the hospital. He didn't want to go to the hospital because of what's going on and she got him up. You can get in the shower and he got out of the shower and he dropped dead right that
Cynthia We: You have a clot.
Cynthia We: And and
Cynthia We: And they couldn't believe it.
Cynthia We: It's really, really, really surprising and I'm
Cynthia We: Worried that I didn't tell art that I loved him enough
Cynthia We: He doesn't know how I feel about him.
Cynthia We: There's gonna be like was always there. He was like,
Cynthia We: Ready to hang out whenever we went back to Michigan and
Cynthia We: You kind of grow apart with a family and you don't focus so much on your friends, but he was a good fighter for so many years.
Cynthia We: And, um,
Cynthia We: I don't know. I'm just
Cynthia We: I'm really
Cynthia We: Surprised and sad.
Cynthia We: Is the first friends that I
Cynthia We: That I have that died.
Cynthia We: You know, my grandparents died my uncle died. Everybody has been a little bit distant and older so you don't really have to look at
Cynthia We: Oh my god, this has to be
Cynthia We: You know, it can it can remain a little bit far away if if it's older people.
Cynthia We: That makes that doesn't make sense, but
Cynthia We: You know,
Cynthia We: It stayed in the distance.
Cynthia We: Now, it feels like it's right up close and
Cynthia We: Threatening and scary and
Cynthia We: It's poor parents
Cynthia We: And then Scott talk to Mark who
Cynthia We: Mark was the best man in a wedding.
Cynthia We: Talk to him for a couple hours last night and Mark is getting a divorce. The second divorce his wife works and how to a Troy, the Detroit area.
Cynthia We: And they started. He started bringing like should I maybe not. They have a three year old, so maybe be staying here in the House with you. And she's like, Oh, no, it's fine.
Cynthia We: And then that night she she called him back and said it's a cluster fuck here. You should go stay with your parents.
Cynthia We: So he went and he stayed with his parents took us three year old and like a week later, he developed cough that a fever and then three or four days later, his mom got it. And his dad and his mom and dad both got tested and they have
Cynthia We: And He probably does too. But he hasn't it hasn't been bad enough where he's had to go to the hospital. Um, so, the three of them do. And the person who's working in the hospital.
Cynthia We: Who should probably get tested. I guess the hospital won't tester.
Cynthia We: And won't test anybody unless they have a fever and very specific symptoms and she doesn't have any yet. It's pretty obvious to me where it came from.
Cynthia We: His
Cynthia We: His mom and dad or my parents age as moms having some mental things like she swears she's losing her mind, which I know is one of the symptoms that they've discovered that it can have some neurological symptoms and it's cause some strokes.
Cynthia We: They are not sure if tax the brain, but it might. So anyway, so that's going on. And now I'm free. Mark, it's gonna something terrible is going to happen to him and his family.
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: I think that would be that would be too much for Scott
Cynthia We: And I don't think
Cynthia We: It's really pretty broken up about art.
Cynthia We: And broken up about art but Mark was never really, you know, I was never close with Mark So art was my friend.
Cynthia We: But still, I've, you know, I don't want to watch my husband go through any
Cynthia We: more pain than era already is going through
Gwenevere Abriel: What about for you and you hear what happened with the friend and nurse and it's really chaotic here, go go somewhere else what what what's going on for you around that story that one.
Cynthia We: What the fuck was she thinking sending him to his mom and dad's house. Like, is it really possible that people in New Mexico are smarter than the people in Michigan, because we wouldn't have done that we would have
Cynthia We: And I don't know why I don't know why I know that that's a terrible idea. Is it like did I learned that from our governor or just from reading the newspaper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, wait. So what do you mean we, I can tell you right now, you have several neighbors.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that you probably would not join would want not have anything to do with a collective we decision making. How come you lump, a whole state, together with what this one woman did I
Gwenevere Abriel: Do that.
Um,
Cynthia We: Well, we, I guess we meaning me and Scott wouldn't like it. Like, why, why do we have facts that somebody who works at a hospital doesn't have
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, why don't we have a knowledge that somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, and that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Things that defied logic and facts all day every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has nothing to do with facts.
Cynthia We: Now,
Cynthia We: People who work in hospitals that have a degree nurse or whatever it is.
Cynthia We: They should be doing more in facts than I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: We just found it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just found a shirt, how that worked out for you.
Cynthia We: Well now, his whole family sick so it didn't work out very well.
Cynthia We: He should have spoken to me, I would have told him that that's a terrible idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe she would have done any number of things. There's a piece that's missing from all of this, the, the acceptance part is missing from
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're missing.
You're missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that you're going to a should
Gwenevere Abriel: A how far back.
Cynthia We: It was common sense to me it seems like such common sense and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: She just there's chaos going on you and I don't know what she's talking
Gwenevere Abriel: About. Yeah, that's an emotional conversation.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are not only states away from. I have no idea what this random person is going through, but I'm going to tell you right now, when someone is going through an emotional experience.
Cynthia We: Right, they're not working.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am so sorry, is that it's close to you are right close and now this other stories, right there. And then what about your own family, and look how close this is happening to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to rely on should
Cynthia We: I rely on people having common sense. But I forget the people even I lose my common sense. What I'm emotional. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the facts in the world. You don't have access to them. You are hijacked doesn't matter how high. My IQ is
Gwenevere Abriel: The limbic system will get you it
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't matter how smart you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know amount of education. It doesn't discriminate
Cynthia We: Well that makes a lot more sense. I could forgive her. Then I'll quit calling her dumb ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can call her a dumb ass. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not the end of the story. It's what do you want to do in your home. Where are you, where are you putting action into your highest thought are you compromising your own standards are you going to be the dumb ass of your story. I know I want to hear that. But are you compromising
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Cynthia We: And we
Cynthia We: We have been
Cynthia We: Only going out for really important things and wearing masks and wearing gloves and
Cynthia We: I feel like we've been locked down for so long. And I'm worried about opening up and letting up
Cynthia We: I'm worried about it.
Cynthia We: And I'm I feel like look for me, it's more about taking care of my mental health and making sure I I get out and walk and do some little exercises at home. It's about like committing to that and staying healthy mentally. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you doing it.
Cynthia We: And I am on occasion. Yes, I have been walking every day.
Cynthia We: I don't think I've skipped any days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicely for
Cynthia We: Us. Yeah, okay.
Cynthia We: And I'm and I'm doing some
Cynthia We: High intensity. I forgot what the second I stands for, but so that kind of walking, where he goes, Oh, we're regular for two minutes and then really fast.
Cynthia We: For 45 seconds and then
Regular
Gwenevere Abriel: aerobic and anaerobic
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Cynthia We: It's H I T, and I'm not sure what it stands for. And I'm and
Cynthia We: I was going to join a streaming thing.
Cynthia We: But I have not done that I've just I found a book that I have that has some just little exercises in it sit ups and
Cynthia We: shit like that, you know, just wait a little bit of weight.
Cynthia We: So I'm doing that until I i know it's actually which when I want to get which streaming thing i want to get
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Cynthia We: Well, I was, I was going to get p Vol. But then I found another one called the sculpt society, which I think
Cynthia We: I might like better.
Cynthia We: People by actually downloaded onto my phone and I never did the two weeks, the free two weeks.
Cynthia We: Like they give you two weeks free so you could try it out and then they build it and i i never touched it during the two weeks that I had so
Cynthia We: I still had the gym know at that point. So,
Cynthia We: It's a different situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to share a video with you, but I want to get. I want to ask you about whether you want to watch it or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a client brought this video to my attention, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It could end up provoking and emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know because you have a lift just now. Like you're kind of like book kind of talking like cash you know i mean you're not deep in an emotion right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Cynthia We: Maybe I don't watch it. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Dark. Yeah. So let me tell you what it is. So this was given to me by someone who identifies is very creative.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's a poem, but recited like as if more like a sort of speaking rap poetry.
Cynthia We: And word yeah like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then it's video, but it could emotionally provoking is very relevant to our current global crisis, it is, you know, maybe it's one minute 30 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to pass it along. If you like it, I'm hoping. What it does is offer, you're not in this alone in the fact that it's so the wording is beautifully done the way she says it or intonation. I'm hoping that it sparks that creative side, it's not intended to to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything other than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see if
Gwenevere Abriel: I go to meet that creative
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm assuming as far as rescheduling we're okay for next Thursday. Same time
Cynthia We: It's a text message from somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Devil historical moment. We just went stumbling
Gwenevere Abriel: Dancing in the rumbling talk. So come a little closer. Give me some things
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be your beautiful crumbling
Gwenevere Abriel: working every day that is given much freedom, like the person people meet really isn't within a bottle underneath the truck, like any minute now struggles kind of finish.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we smile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even when we cannot break in our staff weeping on the train station, because I can see your face.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was so much peace to be found in people's face.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love people's faces.
I hadn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Read before
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of got me again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd only seen it on a little street.
Gwenevere Abriel: And seen it up here so big.
Cynthia We: Oh, I love that.
Cynthia We: You said that to me, please.
You bet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you want to pull it out. All I do just now if you want to I can certainly send it, but it's also YouTube going to, we're never lost if you just keep that in, you'll see that we're never lost if we can find each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: We apostrophe.
Gwenevere Abriel: RT.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are never lost if we can find each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, I can do that. Um, so
Gwenevere Abriel: As we come to the end of the session after that and all the other things we did today, what, what do you notice about where we started and where we are now.
Cynthia We: I really really really liked that. That was great.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: I feel more peaceful than I did when we first started I was anxious
Cynthia We: An angry little angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there something specific that you did to make it possible to make that shift.
Cynthia We: I listen to you.
Cynthia We: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: About walking out and doing that experiment.
Cynthia We: Yeah, making myself vulnerable.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you like about this video.
Cynthia We: That it reminded me that we're all in this
Cynthia We: That everybody's feeling lucky and weird and scared.
And vulnerable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, we are any it can
Gwenevere Abriel: Either
Gwenevere Abriel: shut us down.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can either shut us down and pull us apart or we can decide to get closer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And like it or not work. That's the burden and how will you meet it. Will you decide
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to act on fear, or will you go out and be vulnerable with people and be in gratitude and call that wife color anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: not mattering what her responses, but just to do it because you don't know. And hey, I'm going to call you again. I love you and I know we don't know each other very well, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm deeply affected.
Gwenevere Abriel: deeply affected.
Gwenevere Abriel: And don't inhibit those natural
Gwenevere Abriel: Instincts to connect. Not now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need each other so much
Gwenevere Abriel: It feeds itself. It'll feed your soul. It'll feed hers, and it just gets passed along to the next person into the next person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into your family, the same thing, getting them a hug and I'm saying I love you for no good reason and
Gwenevere Abriel: being vulnerable with them.
Cynthia We: I wrote a story after one of our sessions. I'm
Cynthia We: Like maybe a couple months ago and I shared it with my writing group this past week, and they just loved it like
Cynthia We: Wow. They're like, this is your last chapter, right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Cynthia We: So I'll send it to you. I don't know that I necessarily believe it's my last chapter, because it's because Helga hasn't weighed in yet. First of all, but I didn't have any intention of it even touching that book.
Cynthia We: But I'll send it to you anyway because
Cynthia We: I think it's relevant. So
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because right um you had started that texting conversation, an interest to connect with Ray, they didn't have if you wanted to know more about that, where it landed.
Cynthia We: Oh yeah, what's he doing
Cynthia We: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I can't say that that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's history to tell, but what you wanted was for me to relate your interest.
Cynthia We: To connect. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did pass it along.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I passed them on your interest. So is it safe to say it has he hasn't gotten back there hasn't been a connection to you.
Cynthia We: Know he hasn't
Okay.
Cynthia We: And I figured
Cynthia We: Oh, you know, that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You make them you may decide in group to ask him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Directly, you know, you may decide you may not to that will be up to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just that part of you had said passes so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't pass along
Cynthia We: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think if you do decide to ask a direct question. I think it will end up being really useful in you coming up with
Gwenevere Abriel: A story versus the one you may have made up.
Cynthia We: Oh, that's funny, because you know I made up a whole story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we all
Cynthia We: We all, I actually had forgotten about it.
Cynthia We: And then, um, and I just kind of, I started to go with a story and I stopped myself from coming up with a story and said, Dude, you don't need to go there Sunday. Stop it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I will see you in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely. I've got you booked for this 23rd of April 23 and I think, let me see where I have you written in I don't know when you're is yours on the 20th or 27th. When are you planning on coming in.
Cynthia We: I came in on the sixth
Cynthia We: So I'll come in when I'll come in on the 27th.
Cynthia We: Or the fourth
Cynthia We: 27th is fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. I look forward to seeing you then and
Cynthia We: Again, if you want to
Cynthia We: See, before that. Right. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's hard thing to say. I'll see you in group then
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: On next Thursday.
Cynthia We: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You bet.
Cynthia We: Take care of yourself.